<GLText> improvements for text rendering (#360)
cruise-automation/webviz: docs/src/4.15.GLText.mdx

`<GLText />` also supports rendering text at a constant scale regardless of the zoom level by using the optional `scaleInvariantFontSize?: number` property. If set (default is `undefined`), the text will be rendered always at the same size, resembling the behavior of the `<Text />` command. 

Please note that `scaleInvariantFontSize` only works if the `billboard` property is set to true.

<GLTextScaleInvariant />

## Resolution

By default, `<GLText />` uses a high resolution font texture atlas for rendering text, which may have an impact on the performance of your application. 

The `resolution?: number` optional property allows to override this behavior by providing a custom character resolution value. If your application does not need to render text that is too close the camera, it is recommended to reduce the font resolution to ensure a better performance.

Default value is `resolution={160}`. Minimum value is `resolution={40}`. 

## Alphabet

`<GLText />` generates a new texture atlas on the fly whenever a merker's text contains at least one character that was not rendered before. This is a complex operation and may impact on the performance of your application. 

> For that reason, is recommended to use the optional `alphabet?: string[]` property to provide a list of characters that are allowed as part of any marker's text. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to avoid texture generation when you have an expected subset of characters, you can use the optional `alphabet?: string[]`. 
```

> For example, if markers are known to have only digits, you can use the `alphabet` property as follows to reduce the number of times the texture atlas need to be re-generated from (potentially) 10 times to only once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if markers are known to have only digits, you can use the `alphabet` property as follows to reduce the number of times the texture atlas needs to be re-generated from a worst case scenario of 10 times to only once.
```
